[PAN-3100] Add Privacy Marker Transaction content. (#32)
PegaSysEng/doc.pantheon: docs/HowTo/Use-Privacy/Sign-Privacy-Marker-Transactions.md

description: How to sign a Privacy Marker Transaction
<!--- END of page meta data -->

# Signing Private Marker Transactions

> Private Marker Transactions can be signed with a random key or private key. To sign Private Marker Transactions with a private key, use [`--privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file`](../../Reference/Pantheon-CLI/Pantheon-CLI-Syntax.md#privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file) when starting Pantheon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private Marker Transactions are signed with a random or specified key. To sign Private Marker Transactions with a private key, use [`--privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file`](../../Reference/Pantheon-CLI/Pantheon-CLI-Syntax.md#privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file) when starting Pantheon.
```

'are' is more direct that 'can be' 

It probably needs a slight rewording to reflect that if you're signing with a random key, it's a different key for each signing.  You could interpret the current word as the same random key being used over and over for that node. 

'private key' doesn't sound quite right because the random key is also a private key.

!!! important

>     In networks where gas is paid, a funded private key must be specified.

Reviewer: This is subtle but I'd refer to it as a 'funded account'.  The address identifies an account which is accessed using the private key.  Does that make sense? Let me know if you want to discuss.

Author: Yep, makes perfect sense.

>     You must specify a key in networks where gas is paid, and the account must contain adequate funds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You must specify a key in networks where gas is paid, and the associated account must contain adequate funds.
```

Reviewer 2: the above is a suggestion, to see of you like it .... (Definitely not _required_)

> In [free gas networks](../../HowTo/Configure-Pantheon/FreeGas.md), exclude `--privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file` to sign the Private Marker Transaction with a random key to add additional anonymity.

Reviewer: I'd probably reword this slightly to address the following: 
- it's not clear from reading this alone that `--privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file` is a command line option rather than something specified at the time of creating the private transaction 
- same point as above, if the `---privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file` CLI option is specified, each PMT is signed with a different random key

!!! note

>     During the [private transaction process](../../Concepts/Privacy/Private-Transaction-Processing.md), Private Marker Transactions are signed in Pantheon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    During the [private transaction process](../../Concepts/Privacy/Private-Transaction-Processing.md), Privacy Marker Transactions are signed in Pantheon.
```

This change is needed in a couple of other places as well (ie, Private Marker Transaction -> Privacy Marker Transaction)
